README.rst, before:

ITKNeuralNetworks
=================

.. |CircleCI| image:: https://circleci.com/gh/InsightSoftwareConsortium/ITKNeuralNetworks.svg?style=shield
    :target: https://circleci.com/gh/InsightSoftwareConsortium/ITKNeuralNetworks

=========== =
   Linux
=========== =
|CircleCI|
=========== =


Overview
--------

This is a neural networks remote module for the `Insight Toolkit (ITK) <http://itk.org>`_.

This remote module contains classes and support classes for the calculation of
artificial neural networks. This can be used, for instance, for image
classification.

For additional information and classes for ITK Neural Network IO operations,
see the `Insight Journal article <http://hdl.handle.net/1926/203>`_::

  Venkatram R., Aylward S., Jomier J.
  ITK Neural Networks IO Classes
  The Insight Journal. January-June. 2006.
  http://hdl.handle.net/1926/203
  http://insight-journal.org/browse/publication/93


License
-------

This software is distributed under the Apache 2.0 license. Please see
the *LICENSE* file for details.

Commit message:

DOC: Explicitly specify that these methods are outdated
Provide an explicit disclaimer that this historical set of features
is likely not appropriate for modern neural network implementations
due to performance issues.  The note is intended to assist with avoiding
confusion by users looking for modern machine learning approaches with
ITK.

README.rst, after:

ITKNeuralNetworks
=================

.. |CircleCI| image:: https://circleci.com/gh/InsightSoftwareConsortium/ITKNeuralNetworks.svg?style=shield
    :target: https://circleci.com/gh/InsightSoftwareConsortium/ITKNeuralNetworks

=========== =
   Linux
=========== =
|CircleCI|
=========== =


Overview
--------

This is a neural networks remote module for the `Insight Toolkit (ITK) <http://itk.org>`_.

This remote module contains classes and support classes for the calculation of
artificial neural networks. This can be used, for instance, for image
classification.

For additional information and classes for ITK Neural Network IO operations,
see the `Insight Journal article <http://hdl.handle.net/1926/203>`_::

  Venkatram R., Aylward S., Jomier J.
  ITK Neural Networks IO Classes
  The Insight Journal. January-June. 2006.
  http://hdl.handle.net/1926/203
  http://insight-journal.org/browse/publication/93

Caution
-------

This historical module has been deprecated for many years with out explicit
support or improvements.  The module has had relatively little modification
from the initial reference release. The implementations are not optimized for
GPU or multi-processor CPU implementations.  The use of these classes is likely
limited to small implmentations due to these performance constraints.

These classes/methods are *not* recommended for modern neural network
implementations.


License
-------

This software is distributed under the Apache 2.0 license. Please see
the *LICENSE* file for details.
